4.3   Accounting (Secure Logging)
Bank of America's Monitoring, Response & Forensics (MRF) Standard defines the requirements for secure logging as follows:

Security audit logging must be enabled on all systems. The security audit logging attributes and activities must provide the information necessary to reconstruct the activities performed by an account. 
The minimum required security audit logging attributes include:

The identity of the account accessing the system.
Date and local time zone (or UTC).
Authentication method: Local, SAML, OAuth
System name generating the log
Log recording system name
Source IP address
Port, where available
Protocol, where available
Session duration, where available
Session Identification, where available
Cookie session identification, where available
The minimum required security audit logging activities include:

Access, downloading, revisions to Confidential information (as defined in section 4.1 of this HLD).
Login AND logoff event for BOTH success and failures.
Changes to a system that impact a business logic or work flow.
Any changes to the CWM system configurations.
EACH command action taken, BOTH successful and unsuccessful, by a privileged account including but not limited to:
All changes, additions, or deletions to any account such as lock, unlock, password reset, permission changes.
Modifications to system time / time synchronization configurations.
Log files: access to log files; initialization, stopping or pausing of logging, log modification, changes to access permission on log files.
Attempts to perform unauthorized functions or access data the user is not authorized to access.
Modifications of security rules.
Application and related systems start-ups and shut-downs.
Attempts to execute privilege elevation.
System errors relevant to security events, including but not limited to SQL error that indicate a SQL injection, fuzzing, multiple failed logins, failed configuration change, service failures.
Web access events in extended log format.
CWM's security audit logs are to be transmitted to BAC's Enterprise Central Security Logging (ECSL) platform using Syslog over TLS. CWM's Syslog messaging is to conform to the following industry standards:

RFC5425 - Transport Layer Security (TLS) Transport Mapping for Syslog 
RFC5424 - The Syslog Protocol
